NbaRoutes
========

NBA Routes is the first exposure you'll get to building a full fledge app with more than just one 'route'. http://tylermcginnis33.github.io/nbaRoutes is the full working version of this application. The big thing to notice is that each route, whether it's the Jazz, Heat, or Laker page, are all loading in data (using Resolve) before the route loads. Also, the home page is loading in every teams data before the route loads. In this repo you'll continue to practice fundamental Angular principles you've learned like controllers, services, promises and getting data from RESTful API's while also learning new concepts like routing and resolving data.

##Step 1: Clone and Dissect the Repo
* Fork and clone this repository.
* Take a look at this existing code that's already in place. Notice there are already a few things included for you including images, defaultHeaders.js which is making parse work, and ngRoute is already included in your HTML and as a dependency in your application ['ngRoute']. Normally you would have to include ngRoute because it no longer comes built in with Angular. Also, notice there are two folders (home and teams) in your js folder. The 'home' folder is going to contain a view (.html file), a controller, and service which all have to do with the home (or index) page. In your 'teams' folder there is going to be a conrtoller, service, and another view. All these files have to do with the three (Jazz, Heat, and Lakers) routes. Notice how we've broken routes into folders, this is a very easy way to keep things very modular.
* Check out the index.html page. Notice there are a few things going on. We've included nbaRoutes as the name of our app, mainCtrl as a controller over our whole main-container, a menu that's going to be at the top of the page, and under all that but still inside main-container is ng-view. This piece is crucial to understanding how routing works. That simple <ng-view> holds the power to the universe, or at least this app with different routes. The router is going to take that element and is going to inject certain templates (html pages) into it depending on which route we're using. The template that is injected into the <ng-view> element depends entirely on what we specify inside of our Router in our app.js file. With our router, we're able to specify dynamic templates and controllers based on the URL.
* Once you feel VERY comfortable with the existing codebase, move on to Step 2.

##Step 2: Configure our teamService.js file
* This app is going to be very dependant on using 'resolve' in your router. As we talked about during the lecture, resolve will call a method on our service, resolve that method's promise, then make the data that's being returned from that method available immediately in our controller. 
* In your teamService.js file make a method called addNewGame. This method is going to take in a gameObject as the parameter. That gameObj will eventually have data about each individual game that we'll send to parse.
* In the addNewGame method create a variable called 'url' and set it equal to "https://api.parse.com/1/classes/" + gameObj.homeTeam; Notice each team's games are going to be stored at a RESTful endpoint which points to the teams specific name (gameObj.homeTeam).
* After you've created the url variable, make an if statement that is going to check to see if the home team score (gameObj.homeTeamScore) is greater then the opponents core (gameObj.opponentScore). If it is, set a property called 'won' on the gameObj to true. If it is not, (or if the home team lost), set that win property on the gameObj to false. One gotcha here is that gameObj.homeTeamScore and gameObj.opponentScore are both strings, you'll need to make them integers before you compare them. To do that, use the parseInt method. parseInt("7") will return 7 the integer.
* Now in that same addNewGame method under your if statment, we're going make a POST request to parse adding the gameObj to our URL we made earlier. So, return the result of making an $http request with the 'method' of 'POST', the 'url' being the URL variable we made earlier, and 'data' being our gameObj.
* Now that our service has an addNewGame function, let's make a getTeamData function which is going to accept a team parameter and fetch the data of that specific team. 
* Creat a function on your service object called getTeamData that accepts a parameter of team.
* Create a deferred object using $q.defer(); then at the bottom of that function return that promise object (deferred.promise)
* Create a variable called url which will be set to 'https://api.parse.com/1/classes/' + team;
* Now, make a 'GET' request using $http to the url of the variable we just made.
* We're not going to return that object but instead we're going to modify the data we got back from that request before we resolve our own promise we made earlier. So add a .then to the end of the $http request and give .then a function that accepts 'data' as the parameter. Remember, data will be the actual data we get back from parse when we make a GET request to the specified URl we made earlier.
* Inside the .then function, make a variable called results and set it equal to data.data.results, which is the actual games the team has played.
* Create two variables, one called wins and one called losses and set them both equal to 0. 
* Loop over results (which is an array of game objects) and check the .won property on each object in the results array, if the .won property is true, increment wins by 1. If .won is not true, incremennt losses by 1. Now what we've done is gone through all of the games and we now know how many wins and losses that team has.
* Now that we have complete wins and losses variables, we need to somehow access those variables outside of our service. We know that we have a results array which holds an array of all the games the particular team has played. What if we do something a little unconventional here. We know we're going to eventually resolve our promise we made earlier with the results variable (so we can access all the games in our controller). We also know that an array is really just an object at heart. Let's add a 'wins' property to the results array and set it equal to our wins variable and let's also set a 'losses' property on our results array and set it equal to our losses variable. I know this is a little weird because we're not adding items to our array like we usually do but instead we're adding properties to this array. It's a good reminder that arrays are just objects. Once you add the wins and losses property, go ahead and resolve our deferred object we made earlier with our results array.
* Now that we've set up those two methods on our teamService object, we can close teamService. We won't need to modify this file again but we will need to call the methods we set up in teamService.js later.

##Step 2: Start to Configure the Router
* As I mentioned in step 1, setting up the router is perhaps the most important part of this entire application. Our router is going to decide which template and controller get used based on what URL we're currently on.
* Open up your app.js file. We're going to ignore our index (/) page for a little bit while we set up each teams specific routes. 


